[DOCS-1420] Document workspace and section media settings (#1350)
wandb/docs: content/guides/models/app/features/panels/media.md

- **Images**: When **Fit media** is turned on, resize the panel's media to fit the panel's size.
- **Point clouds**: Optionally turn on the right-handed system for plotting points, rather than the default left-handed system.

> ## Configure all media panels in a workspace 

Reviewer: There are also `Section level` media settings!

> ### Configure all media panels in a workspace 

Author: ```suggestion
## Configure all media panels in a workspace 
```

To customize the default settings for all media panels in a workspace:
1. Click the workspace's settings, which has a gear with the label **Settings**.
1. Click **Media settings**.

> 1. Within the modal that appears, click the **Display** or **Layout** tab to configure the default settings for the workspace.

Reviewer: super nit - it's a "drawer" not a "modal" i think in UI speak

Reviewer: also there is an Overlays tab as well if there are masks/bounding boxes.

    - **Display**: Override the panel's title, the slider key, and the behavior of the slider.
    - **Layout**: Override the layout of media within the panel. Adjust the number of columns, toggle grid mode, and limit the number of runs and items to include.

>     For details about each setting, refer to [Configure a media panel]({{< relref "#configure-a-media-panel" >}}).

Reviewer: this is missing some of the settings again? maybe we can just reference the "Configure a media panel" section and avoid mentioning particular settings here so that only one docs spot has to be up to date?

- **Images**: When **Fit media** is turned on, resize the panel's media to fit the panel's size.
- **Point clouds**: Optionally turn on the right-handed system for plotting points, rather than the default left-handed system.

### All media panels in a section

> To customize the default settings for all media panels in a section, overriding workspace settings for media panels:

Reviewer 2: This sentence sounded weird to me...consider splitting into two?

> To customize the default settings for all media panels in a section, overriding workspace settings for media panels:

Author: ```suggestion
This section shows how to customize a section's media panels. Section-level settings override [workspace-level settings]({{< relref "#all-media-panels-in-a-workspace" >}}).
```

1. Click the section's gear icon to open its settings.
1. Click **Media settings**.

> 1. Within the drawer that appears, click the **Display** or **Layout** tab to configure the default media settings for the workspace. You can configure settings for images, videos, audio, and 3d objects. The settings that appear depend on the section's current media panels.

Reviewer: final nit - there's also the "Overlays" tab  which may pop up if the image has masks or bounding boxes (same rules as above). up to you if you want to mention that or not.

> 1. Within the drawer that appears, click the **Display** or **Layout** tab to configure the default media settings for the workspace. You can configure settings for images, videos, audio, and 3d objects. The settings that appear depend on the section's current media panels.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Within the drawer that appears, click the **Display** or **Layout** tab to configure the default media settings for the workspace. If media in the section is logged with overlays, click **Overlays** to configure their settings for the section. You can configure settings for images, videos, audio, and 3d objects. The settings that appear depend on the section's current media panels.
```

> 1. Within the drawer that appears, click the **Display** or **Layout** tab to configure the default media settings for the workspace. If media in the section is logged with overlays, click **Overlays** to configure their settings for the section. You can configure settings for images, videos, audio, and 3d objects. The settings that appear depend on the section's current media panels.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Within the drawer that appears, click the **Display** or **Layout** tab to configure the default media settings for the workspace. If media in the section is logged with overlays, click **Overlays** to configure their settings for the section. You can configure settings for images, videos, audio, and 3D objects. The settings that appear depend on the section's current media panels.
```

For details about each setting, refer to [Configure a media panel]({{< relref "#configure-a-media-panel" >}}).

### All media panels in a workspace 

> To customize the default settings for all media panels in a workspace:

Author: ```suggestion
This section shows how to customize a workspace's media panel's settings. [Section-level settings]({{< relref "#all-media-panels-in-a-section" >}}) override workspace-level settings.
```

1. Click the workspace's settings, which has a gear with the label **Settings**.
1. Click **Media settings**.

> 1. Within the drawer that appears, click the **Display** or **Layout** tab to configure the default media settings for the workspace. You can configure settings for images, videos, audio, and 3d objects. The settings that appear depend on the workspace's current media panels.

Reviewer: same here.

> 1. Within the drawer that appears, click the **Display** or **Layout** tab to configure the default media settings for the workspace. You can configure settings for images, videos, audio, and 3d objects. The settings that appear depend on the workspace's current media panels.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Within the drawer that appears, click the **Display** or **Layout** tab to configure the default media settings for the workspace. If media in the section is logged with overlays, click **Overlays** to configure their settings for the section. You can configure settings for images, videos, audio, and 3d objects. The settings that appear depend on the workspace's current media panels.
```

> 1. Within the drawer that appears, click the **Display** or **Layout** tab to configure the default media settings for the workspace. If media in the section is logged with overlays, click **Overlays** to configure their settings for the section. You can configure settings for images, videos, audio, and 3d objects. The settings that appear depend on the workspace's current media panels.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Within the drawer that appears, click the **Display** or **Layout** tab to configure the default media settings for the workspace. If media in the section is logged with overlays, click **Overlays** to configure their settings for the section. You can configure settings for images, videos, audio, and 3D objects. The settings that appear depend on the workspace's current media panels.
```
